Impudent
This is fooling around with the military and the people, and you follow suit
Just think about it.
Am I afraid of the Chu family?
I am afraid of the people behind the Chu family
Excuse me.
Is Mrs. Ye there?
Excuse me, you are from the Ye family.
Listen.
This is the invitation letter for the appearance ceremony of Lord King's Landing
Mr. Chu asked me to hand it over to you
And let me tell you
Be sure to bring the whole Ye family to participate on time
What does this Chu family mean?
Grandma, don't you understand?
debut ceremony
The adult behind the Chu family will definitely also attend
Chuyunzhou invited our Ye family
It must be guilty
He must want to take advantage of the death to clean up our Ye family
This ceremony
We definitely can't go.
Hey, but I heard about this unveiling ceremony
All the famous families in Shangjing go there
We don't go
Isn't that embarrassing?
What's more, this is the god of bright branches of Lord King's Landing
If our family doesn't go on purpose
It may be worse.
This means
Now whether you go or not
It's dead anyway
Isn't Ye Yufei's family very backbone?
Then let their family go, yes
Let their family go
The trouble caused by your son-in-law
You handle it yourself
Mother
This is obviously about jumping into the fire pit
You asked me to go
Don't you have a lot of backbone?
I have the backbone again
I can't take Yufei to die either, I'll go